user guides for project creation (#7715)
GoogleCloudPlatform/magic-modules: mmv1/third_party/terraform/website/docs/guides/google_project_service.html.markdown

---
page_title: "User Guide for google_project_service"
description: |-
  An advanced user guide for the google_project_service resource
---

# User Guide - google_project_service

> ## Enabling Multiple Services in a Config

Reviewer: Maybe add a note to this section about batching? 

> Even though `google_project_service` represents a single resource, the Google provider will batch multiple changes into a single request when possible.

Reviewer: (this is covered below already, though)

Author: added a note

Users may want to activate many services simultaneously within a single Terraform config. The `google_project_service.service` field only supports a single value, but Terraform itself provides list iteration with [for_each](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/meta-arguments/for_each).

> A simple example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example:
```

```
variable "services" {
  type = list(string)
}

resource "google_project_service" "services" {
  for_each = toset(var.services)
  project = "my-project"
  service = each.value
}
```

> For a more robust example, Google recommends this [project_services module](https://github.com/terraform-google-modules/terraform-google-project-factory/tree/master/modules/project_services). This module aims to simplify the configuration needed for service enablement to [this example](https://github.com/terraform-google-modules/terraform-google-project-factory/tree/master/modules/project_services#example-usage).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a more robust example, Google recommends the [project_services module](https://github.com/terraform-google-modules/terraform-google-project-factory/tree/master/modules/project_services). This module aims to simplify the configuration needed for service enablement to [this example](https://github.com/terraform-google-modules/terraform-google-project-factory/tree/master/modules/project_services#example-usage).
```

> For a more robust example, Google recommends this [project_services module](https://github.com/terraform-google-modules/terraform-google-project-factory/tree/master/modules/project_services). This module aims to simplify the configuration needed for service enablement to [this example](https://github.com/terraform-google-modules/terraform-google-project-factory/tree/master/modules/project_services#example-usage).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a more robust example, Google recommends this [project_services module](https://github.com/terraform-google-modules/terraform-google-project-factory/tree/master/modules/project_services). The `project_services` module simplifies configuring multiple services on a project at once as shown in [this example](https://github.com/terraform-google-modules/terraform-google-project-factory/tree/master/modules/project_services#example-usage).
```

## Request Rate Errors

> The service management API called by the google_project_service resource has rate limits on the requesting user account if no quota project is set. When using the default (credentials) quota project or a billing_project users enabling many GCP services simultaneously may experience rate limit errors from the API. `google_project_service` supports batching multiple resources into smaller requests, see the `batching` [reference documentation](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference.html#batching).

Reviewer: nit: Mind making a pass so that resource or field names are in `code text`?

Author: made another pass, couldn't find anything outside of headers or titles

> The service management API called by the google_project_service resource has rate limits on the requesting user account if no quota project is set. When using the default (credentials) quota project or a billing_project users enabling many GCP services simultaneously may experience rate limit errors from the API. `google_project_service` supports batching multiple resources into smaller requests, see the `batching` [reference documentation](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference.html#batching).

Reviewer: There's a bit of whiplash here going from "...if no quota project is set." to "When using the default (credentials) quota project..." as you're going from saying there's no quota project and then saying there's a default one! Here's a potential rewording:

```suggestion
The service management API called by the google_project_service resource uses request rate quota on the project of the account used to call the API (i.e. against the Terraform credentials) by default. That project (or a fixed `billing_project`) may exceed your request rate quota in larger configurations. `google_project_service` batches multiple changes into single requests when possible, see the `batching` [reference documentation](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference.html#batching) for details.
```
